Enough, Ye Tiancheng
I knelt and knelt
Knocked
Can I take my daughter now?
It's not good to learn, right?
If you don't learn
All the kowtows you kowtowed before are in vain
Ok I learn
Dad Xiaoyue doesn't want Dad to learn to bark
I can come with you.
But please give the lottery ticket back to dad
We know it's a billion dollars.
Come on baby
I'll bring the lottery ticket over
What dad doesn't want lottery tickets?
Dad only wants you
Does this car look like it went back?
Wow.
Hahahahaha
Su Yao
I didn't expect you to eat so well by barking like a dog
Fragrant or not, fragrant or not, so there are fewer leaves.
Why didn't we find it before?
So interesting
Is that okay?
Yes, yes, yes.
But since you learn how to bark like a dog
Can you be like a dog?
Pick up all my dirty leather shoes
Ye Tiancheng
Whatever you want to do
What do I want to do?
I'm asking you to pick up leather shoes.
Pick it up
Ah!
I'll let you suck it
Dude, you won the lottery.